Make `xpack.security.authc.saml.realm` mandatory and completely remove `xpack.security.authProviders` and `xpack.security.public`. (#38657)
elastic/kibana: docs/migration/migrate_8_0.asciidoc

*Impact:* To restore the previous behavior, in kibana.yml set `logging.timezone: UTC`.

[float]
==== `xpack.security.authProviders` is no longer valid
*Details:* The deprecated `xpack.security.authProviders` setting in the `kibana.yml` file has been removed.

*Impact:* Use `xpack.security.authc.providers` instead.

[float]
==== `xpack.security.authc.saml.realm` is now mandatory when using the SAML authentication provider
*Details:* Previously Kibana was choosing the appropriate Elasticsearch SAML realm automatically using the `Assertion Consumer Service`

> URL that it derived from the actual server address. Since 8.0.0 Elasticsearch SAML realm name that Kibana will use should be

Reviewer: ```suggestion
URL that it derived from the actual server address. Starting in 8.0.0, the Elasticsearch SAML realm name that Kibana will use should be
```
